We would all love to teach you to code a really fun way using a unity engine to make tuti games.
Well it's been tristam founder of the game Dave TV.
We genuinely make some of the most popular game development tutorials in the world.
And I've teamed up with my friend.
Thanks Ben.
Hi I'm Rick I've been teaching people how to make games for more than 10 years what I know is that it's
really difficult to know where to start.
And you only had a program when coding and learning game development.
Well I can assure you in this post we make it easy as A B for beginners to jump in and learn how to
code and learn how to make break.
Don't take our word for it.
There's over forty thousand people have taken the time to lead a review of this course which is amazing
thank you to those people.
And what's more we're making it even better in the summer of 2018.
We are upgrading the Internet of course to Unity 2018.
So all the newest possible content we have helped thousands of people make real gain.
And we want you to be one of them.
So Rick how do we do.
Yeah.
We're going to start with the fundamentals for C sharp getting you up and running.
Understanding things like what is a variable How do you measure that.
What are conditionals statements from the ground up.
Confidence for those foundations were also going to be getting in there and playing around with the
union so they understand unity as the interface work.
What are the different aspects of it.
Just getting really comfortable injured.
And the third player for this course is the game development game design aspect of things so I'm going
to talk a little bit about the player experience and how you create something that's going to be enjoyable
for someone to play when it's your game.
So they and then we move on to more advanced sharp tools just when we need them.
So that your code can continue to read pretty much like English.
Beautiful clean code simple solution.
We're going to take a deeper dive into the Unity's features again as we need them to enhance the player
experience to enhance your learning to increase the scope of the games that you make.
And we'll really start to think about the architecture of your solutions how things fit together how
they are ascetically how they are function.
So brick by the end of the course.
Can they do it by the end of this cause you will be a truly ninja you'll understand the foundations
of programming you know how to make an interesting game for players like the games that we've got on
the screen at the moment you'll be out to create these sorts of platforms defence games putting putting
your own creativity to them so that you can really make them your own step your own way it's the midpoint
flights your muscles is a game developer you cited to get going so it really is a biding time.
So learn to code.
So please dive in with us and we'll take care.